This is Support Tickets, the queue your team works inside WashCentral.
p02
It's the platform's own help desk, separate from the cross-customer view in the last lesson.
p03
Everything about the day's support load lives on this one screen.
p04
Start at the top.
p05
Four counters frame the backlog before you read a single row:
p06
what's open, what's in progress, what closed today,
p07
and how long the average ticket takes to resolve.
p08
One look tells you whether the queue is calm or backed up.
p09
Now the left panel.
p10
This is the twelve-month trend, not today's numbers.
p11
Volume is climbing, up seven percent over the year.
p12
Handy context when a client asks whether their run of issues is unusual.
p13
The middle panel breaks tickets down by type.
p14
Billing leads, then technical, then feedback and general.
p15
When you're deciding where the team's hours go,
p16
this is the split that says billing questions are the heaviest load right now.
p17
On the right, the health panel.
p18
Most of the queue is already resolved, a smaller share in progress, and a thin band still open.
p19
Read across, it's a quick pulse on whether work is getting closed or piling up.
p20
Below the summary sits the list itself.
p21
This is where you actually work.
p22
Two buttons ride the top corner:
p23
one opens a brand-new ticket, the other exports the list.
p24
We'll open a new one shortly.
p25
We never export while recording.
p26
Above the table, a search box and a filter control.
p27
Type a ticket number or a few words of the subject to jump straight to it,
p28
or open the filters to narrow by field.
p29
On a busy queue, this is how you find one ticket fast.
p30
Read the column headers.
p31
Ticket number, subject, location, priority, status, owner, and created date.
p32
The two you'll lean on most are priority, for what to grab first,
p33
and the owner, for who already has it.
p34
Now the rows.
p35
A POS receipt problem in progress, a billing dispute still open,
p36
a membership that won't activate, a tunnel emergency-stop already resolved.
p37
Priority runs from critical down to medium,
p38
and each ticket names a person or a team on the hook for it.
p39
At the foot of the list, the page controls.
p40
Rows per page, a simple counter, and pager arrows.
p41
One quirk worth knowing: the card says eighteen records while only four load here.
p42
In the demo tenant, treat those four as samples and the counts as stand-ins.
p43
Now open a new ticket.
p44
This is the one write action in the lesson.
p45
Open the blank form, look it over, then back out without saving and without touching a field.
p46
We're documenting where a new ticket starts, not filing one.
p47
That's the whole page.
p48
The counters give you the backlog,
p49
the middle panels tell you what kind of work it is and how much is cleared,
p50
and the list hands you each ticket with its priority and its owner.
p51
Enough to triage before you open a single one.